Relaxation
Question
Dear friend! Can I know your opinion about some points related to the Arabic language?
The historians pointed out that it is one of the most famous languages, and it is the oldest group of languages in the world.
Why is learning Arabic difficult?
It is not like that.
The diversity of Arabic language sciences, including literature, rhetoric, grammar, grammar, grammar,
beauty, expression, and multiple singularities, make some people afraid of learning them.
While it is one of the strong and easy languages to learn, it only requires determination and persistence to learn and master it.
Do you know why Arabic is called the language of the opposite?
Yes, of course.
This name is re-used in Arabic, since it is the only language in the world that contains the letter of the opposite.
Do you always get high marks in Arabic?
The teacher describes you as a lover of Arabic.
Why?
How can I not love it?
The Creator has honored it, and made it the language of the Holy Quran,
the language of the Master of Messengers,
the main language of Islam,
and the cradle of civilizations around the world.
How beautiful is the Arabic language!
Thank you, Yamuna.